 Oh, oh, baby Why do you want with me? Why do you want with me? It'll be all real All real Eh  About this planet, there is somethin' I know There's a very big difference between above and below Friend foe, or bro, leave ya body on the floor Let your spirit fly away like the soul of a crow Your animated oral will begin to glow When you listen to my mind to this time not to grow  They'll be fourteen in the alley's man's everyday life Floating, he's riding his girl 'til he dies by the night 'Cause here, above land, man has laid his plan And yes, it does include the Ku Klux Klan We got a government so twisted and bent Bombs, tanks. and guns is how our money is spent We got VD, heroin, greed and prostitution Tension, aggravation, L. Ron Hubbard solution Not to mention. hardcore chemical pollution If you think a different way, you're in a mental institution And that's a heartfelt shame 'Cause everyone's crazy, everyone's the same So, why should only Larry, Curly, and Moe be to blame?  Time now to take you to a different place Where peace-lovin' whales flow through liquid outer space Groovin' and a-gliddin' as graceful as lace A never losin'-touch with the ocean's embrace Diviner than the dolphin, that there is none 'Cause dolphins just-a like to have a lot of fun No one tells 'em how their life is run And no one points at 'em with a gun They have a lot of love for every livin' creature The smile of a dolphin is a built-in feature They be movin' in schools, but everyone's the teacher Someday mister dolphin, I know I'm go'n to meet you  Back to the land of the policeman Where he does whatever he says he can Including hating you because you're a Jew Or beating black ass, that's nothin' new Trigger-happy cops, they just like to brawl They use guns, clubs, gas, but that's not all They got puke-ridden prisons and sex-sick jails Fuck the poor, if you're rich you pay the bail So support your police, support your local wars That's the way to open economic doors Why do we do it? 'Cause the president's a whore We assume the position to sell the ammunition What the fuck? It's the American tradition Along with going fishin', apple pies in the kitchen Isn't it bitchin' seeing dead men in ditches?  How did you  What do you want to do then that with? What do you want to do with me? Why are you using me?  buy your love  a whale