 They come from every state to find Some dreams were meant to be declined Tell the man what did you have in mind What have you come to do? No turning water into wine No learning while you're in the line I'll take you to the broken sign You see the lights are blue Come and get it Lost it at the city limit Say goodbye 'Cause they Will find a way to trim it Everybody lookin' for a silly gimmick Gotta get away Can't take it for another minute This town is made of many things Just look at what the current brings So high it's only promising This place was made on you  Tell me, baby What's your story? Where you come from And where you wanna go this time, oh Tell me, lover Are you lonely? The thing we need is never all that hard to find, oh Tell me baby What's your story Where do you come from And where you wanna go this time, oh You're so lovely Are you lonely? Giving up on the innocence you left behind  Some claim to have the fortitude Too shrewd to blow the interlude Sustaining pain to set a mood Step out to be renewed I'll move you like a baritone Jungle Brothers on the microphone Getting over with an undertone It's time to turn to stone Chitty chitty baby When your nose is in the nitty gritty Life could be a little sweet But life could be a little shitty What a pity Boston and a Kansas City Looking for a hundred But you only ever found a fifty Three fingers in the honeycomb You ring just like a xylophone Devoted to the chromosome The day that you left home  Tell me baby What's your story? Where you come from And where you wanna go this time, oh Tell me lover Are you lonely? The thing we need is never all that hard to find, oh Tell me baby What's your story Where you come from And where you wanna go this time, oh You're so lovely Are you lonely? Giving up on the innocence you left behind  Tell me baby What's your story? Where you come from And where you wanna go this time, oh Tell me lover Are you lonely? The thing we need is never all that hard to find, oh Tell me baby What's your story Where you come from And where you wanna go this time, oh You're so lovely Are you lonely? Giving up on the innocence you left behind